Remove inappropriate "please", minor rewording (#4249)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/studio/user-guide/change-team-plan-and-size.md

button.

When you downgrade, you will receive a prorated refund for the days remaining in

> the billing period. For inquiries about refunds, feel free to [contact us].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the billing period. For inquiries about refunds, please [contact us].
```

### If you are on the Teams or Enterprise plan

> For any changes to the plan, feel free to contact your focal point at Iterative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any changes to the plan, please ask your contact person at Iterative.
```

### If you are on the Teams or Enterprise plan

> For any changes to the plan, don't hesitate to contact your focal point at Iterative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any changes to the plan, ask your contact person at Iterative.
```
